This week i have learnt some more about P5.js and some more commands and shapes that i can use and play around with. I believe I have learnt this
as apparently P5.js is very useful in the work enviroment and is a very important skill to learn for the work enviroment. I have learnt this by googling, Using the p5.js website and asking my class mate Jamie for a bit of help as i forgot that you need to use the setup() and draw() functions. 

I did know that you had to use the setup() and draw() functions but i just forgot, this has made me remember these functions so i can use them later. I also didnt know the extend of what you can manipulate with P5.js. The point of learning these is so i can use P5.js in the correct manner. It is also to help my understanding for future use as i believe we will be using P5.js a lot during this semester of WEB503. To help me remember these functions and skills I will continue reading online and watching different YouTube videos on the subject. I will also go over things with my classmate Jamie to help us both understand these skills.

I have learnt that there are a lot of shapes and functions within the P5.js language, It is also a very useful language as I have only really had experience with JavaScript and i feel like i was sort of limited with JS as it was very hard to get things working and to work how you wanted. I believe that the P5.js language as a whole is very useful in the real world and working enviroment as stated by my Tutor Ali and todays tutor, Todd. It also seems like there is a lot of functions and ways you can do things which would be very helpful in the real world enviroment. I will continue reading and watching videos on p5.js to fill in anything i have not understood.